Implement SVD algorithm in MDS (#16067)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.23.rst

  of strictly inferior for maximum of `absgrad` and `tol` in `utils.optimize._newton_cg`.
  :pr:`16266` by :user:`Rushabh Vasani <rushabh-v>`.

:mod:`sklearn.manifold`
...........................

- |Feature| Support of multidimensional scaling method,
  which uses Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) in :class:`manifold.MDS`.

>   User can choose whether to use new SVD- or old SMACOF-based method

Reviewer: I wouldn't use the terms new and old since they might suggest different meanings depending on when they are read

Author: Done

>   via parameter `method`. SVD-base method is much more fast and accurate,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  via parameter `method`. The SVD-based method is faster and more accurate,
```

Author: Done

>   but works only for euclidean matrixes.

Reviewer: matrixes -> matrices.

But I would suggest "dissimilarity" instead.

Author: Done
